This program is based off of the Jacksonville State University registration system, accompanied with a file that is read in containing the courses available within the School of Science here at JSU. It is a rudimentary version of the registration system, missing many components of the system in full. This program allows users to view the available courses and register for any classes as long as there are no time conflicts which the program has checks for. 
The program has 3 classes alongside the main class. The three are the traditional course class, the online course class, and the default course class. The course class instantiates a default course with the minimum requirements to qualify as a course object. The traditional class is an extension of the course class which has a few extra arguments, like meet days, times, or location. The online course contains the same arguments as the default course class. Past there, the program is able to read in data and determine whether the courses fall into the traditional in person category or the online catgeory using the number of arguments read in from the input. The main problem encountered in terms of logic is determining any time issues relating to traditional courses that the user has registered for. I have used methods of the localtime library to help with this issue and make sure there are no time overlaps with the courses the user has registered for. If there is a time issue and the program detects it, then it will throw an error and require the user to make appropriate changes to their classes. Within the program, the user is also available to browse every class available with the use of the course numbers.
The repository contains all the files neccesary to run the program, with the inclusion of the input file containing the courses within the school of science. The program has been personally error tested and have found 0 error with the code to date. 
